AP-4617: Use puffing-billy to stub feature test javascript API calls (#6041)
ministryofjustice/laa-apply-for-legal-aid: docs/puffing_billy_recording.md

# Puffing-billy stub creating and request cache

Some feature tests excercise application logic that includes aysnchronous javascript

> calls to external services (APIs). In particular searching for proceedings and organisations is achieved this way. Because VCR does intercept browser calls puffing-billy's "rewriting web proxy" is used to achieve their stubbing. VCR and puffing-billy can be used together to achieve stubbing of any calls to external services.

Reviewer: Is there a 'not' missing in this line?

> calls to external services (APIs). In particular searching for proceedings and organisations is achieved this way. Because VCR does intercept browser calls puffing-billy's "rewriting web proxy" is used to achieve their stubbing. VCR and puffing-billy can be used together to achieve stubbing of any calls to external services.

Author: ```suggestion
calls to external services (APIs). In particular searching for proceedings and organisations is achieved this way. VCR does not intercept browser calls therefore puffing-billy is used. This provides a "rewriting web proxy" to achieve the interception and stubbing. VCR and puffing-billy can be used together to achieve stubbing of any calls to external services from backend and frontend respectively.
```
